Add note about EOL for open source releases (#301)
apollographql/docs: src/content/basics/resources/product-launch-stages.mdx

### End-of-life

> Products, features, and open-source releases that reach **end-of-life** are **no longer supported or maintained by Apollo**. They no longer receive updates, security patches, or remediation for regressions. There is no commitment from Apollo to release further versions and no guarantee that the most recent version will continue to work. End-of-life products and features are no longer generally available. End-of-life open-source releases will not be removed from their respective registries where they are published (i.e. you will still be able to install end-of-life versions of our open-source releases into your projects).

Reviewer: (technically this also applies to non-open-source projects that are published to registries, like gateway, but maybe that's too nitpicky)

> Products, features, and open-source releases that reach **end-of-life** are **no longer supported or maintained by Apollo**. They no longer receive updates, security patches, or remediation for regressions. There is no commitment from Apollo to release further versions and no guarantee that the most recent version will continue to work. End-of-life products and features are no longer generally available. End-of-life releases which are published to a package registry (such as our open-source offerings) will not be removed from their respective registries where they are published (i.e. you will still be able to install end-of-life versions of our open-source releases into your projects). Apollo offers no guarantee that end-of-life packages will continue to function correctly with features offered in Apollo Studio or GraphOS.

Reviewer 2: How would you feel about something like this? Shortening it and removing the 'GraphOS' sentence since you specifically mention it below:
```suggestion
Products, features, and open-source releases that reach **end-of-life** are **no longer supported or maintained by Apollo**. They no longer receive updates, security patches, or remediation for regressions. There is no commitment from Apollo to release further versions and no guarantee that the most recent version will continue to work. End-of-life products and features are no longer generally available. 

End-of-life releases published to a package registry aren't removed from that registry. This means you can still install end-of-life versions past the end-of-life date (though Apollo strongly recommends against this). 
```

> **Do not run end-of-life open-source releases in production.** Upgrade to the latest generally available release as soon as possible to ensure you continue receiving security patches, bug fixes, new features, and compatibility with Apollo Studio features.

Reviewer 2: I believe we should change this to GraphOS:
```suggestion
**Do not run end-of-life open-source releases in production.** Upgrade to the latest generally available release as soon as possible to ensure you continue receiving security patches, bug fixes, new features, and compatibility with GraphOS features.
```
